# Some usefull Google Dorks


<div>
<table><tbody><tr><td><strong>Google Dorks</strong></td><td><strong>Use</strong></td></tr><tr><td><pre><code>" "
"authentication failure; logname="
"will smith" -actor -"Fresh Prince" "dodgers"</code></pre></td><td><p>Find exact text in website. It is avoid to google ranking algorithm.</p><p>Find exact person.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>site:</strong></p><pre><code>Coffee site:starbucks.com
site:[your website] filetype:[pdf, docx, doc, xls or xlsx]
site:flipkart.com filetype:pdf</code></pre></td><td><p>To find a specific information in a particular website.</p><p>To find a specific file in a particaular website.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>ip:</strong></p><pre><code>ip:[your ip] filetype:[pdf, docx, doc, xls or xlsx]</code></pre></td><td>To find a specific information using ip address.</td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>inurl:</strong></p><pre><code>Site:starbucks.com inurl:admin
inurl:php?id=</code></pre></td><td>To find a specific page or directory or string in url bar(link).</td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>intext:</strong></p><pre><code>site:bbcnews.com intext:Delhi
intitle:"Nessus Scan Report" "This file was generated by Nessus"
intext:"index of" ".sql"</code></pre></td><td>To search a string(text) in particular website.</td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>intitle:</strong></p><pre><code>site:bbcnews.com intitile:covid-19</code></pre></td><td>It is find that string(text) which is exist in title.</td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>index of:</strong></p><pre><code>index of [movie or file name]
intext:"index of" ".sql"</code></pre></td><td><p>It can be listing web roots files.</p><p>Use index with intext or intitle to search more effective way.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>Filetype:</strong></p><pre><code>filetype:doc “security plan” site:gov.in
filetype:env "DB_PASSWORD"
filetype:reg reg HKEY_CURRENT_USER username
"authentication failure; logname=" filetype:log
password filetype:doc site:yoursite.org</code></pre></td><td><p>It is used to find file of a specific type.</p><p>&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>define</strong></p><pre><code>define programming</code></pre></td><td>It is used to find definition of anything.</td></tr><tr><td><pre><code>inanchor:
inanchor:[text]
inanchor:wp-content</code></pre></td><td>It is used to find text in anchor tag usually it is work like inurl dork.</td></tr><tr><td><p><strong>allintext:</strong></p><pre><code>allintext:password filetype:log after:2008</code></pre></td><td>It find a specific string(text) in all text in exist in whole wersite</td></tr></tbody></table>
</div>











